Addressing Bron Gondwana's art-art review. (#1036)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-impl.md

* "Interface Instance or Type":
If the application specifies an interface type to be preferred or avoided, implementations should accordingly rank the paths.

> If the application specifies an interface type to be required or prohibited, an implementation is expected to not include the non-conforming paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application specifies an interface type to be required or prohibited, an implementation is expected to exclude the non-conforming paths.
```

Data Unit: Byte-stream

the Transport Services API mappings for MPTCP are identical to TCP. MPTCP adds support for multipath properties,

> such as `multipath` and `multipath-policy`.

Reviewer: For sake of consistency: shouldn't we better use `multipathPolicy` here?

Reviewer 2: I think the API is multipath-policy

Reviewer 3: We'll have a separate issue to turn all of them into camel case in the interface draft (another example: `advertises-altaddr`).
